Y come back to our angular application we already added so many features to this app.
It's really looking great and we're using a lot of the features you learn from the course.
You really should see the pieces you learn in the individual sections come together in this app.
Now I want to add a little bonus adding authentication now to be honest.
A big chunk of your ventilation logic happens on the back end and that is not what I will focus on.
But since we already are using firebase and it's easy to enable authentication in an firebase application
we're going to go with that.
And I'm focusing on what the front end does in this connection at the front and its role is when it
comes to authentication.
So let's dive into the section and make our app more secure to only allow assigned in users to access
our recipes on the server or create new recipes on the front end.